here's what you're gonna do to create
your first youtube campaign in just five
steps first pick your target audience
you can use the find my audience tool
from think with google if you need help
your audience is going to be specific
women is not an audience small business
owners who are in market for accounting
software that's an audience second pick
in that format to achieve your goals in
most cases you're going to want a 15 to
30 second skippable video but you could
also try a six second bumper ad or if
you really want to blow the bank a
youtube masthead third create a great ad
i have no design skills so i just use
canva pro make sure you follow the
abcd's which is youtube's own framework
for effective videos i'll talk more
about that in a future part fourth
decide on your budget and performance
goals most businesses will want to
maximize conversions but you can also
pay for clicks views impressions etc now
number five put it all together and set
your campaign live we'll be giving each
of those five steps its own video this
week so follow for more and sign up for
my newsletter to receive tips like this
in your inbox